
My mother had sent me to stay with my two aunties, Aunt Georgia and Aunt Sian, for the summer. She was going away to enjoy herself and didn't trust me enough to stay at home on my own since I always got myself into trouble, usually by staining her underwear because I had a panty fetish and would always steal hers then masturbate in them and ruin them. I still lived with my mother as I was pretty useless at keeping a job. She thought I was so useless that she even packed my bag for me. My panty fetish went a bit further, I had been obsessively looking at sissy porn on the internet but had never had the chance to act on it.

She dropped me off at their large house in the countryside, she didn't even drop in to say hello to them before driving off, just left me on the doorstep with my bag. I had never really met my aunties properly, not since I was a little child, so when I was greeted at the door by two very beautiful and dare I say it sexy woman I was a bit taken aback. They greeted me kindly but there was an air of sterness about them. As they showed me around the big house I was informed they run a strict household and misbehaviour would not be tolerated.

They showed me to the room I would be staying in and before opening the door said this was the only spare room they had so it would have to do whether I liked it or not. The room was like a baby girl's room. The walls, ceiling and carpet were matching shades of pink. In one corner was a large pink crib that could easily fit an adult and was filled with satin pink and white sheets, covers and pillows. On one wall was a pink dressing table with boxes of makeup and a large magnified mirror. Against another wall was a large pink wardrobe and chest of drawers. A large section of the floor was covered in a pink rubber play mat and the remaining corner just had a small pink wooden stool in it. I would have complained but these two woman had an air of authority about them and after all they'd already said this is the only room available. Aunt Georgia went to the cot and showed me that one side of the bars pulled down so it was practically a bed anyway.

It was already late in the evening and my aunties told me to get some rest as I would have chores to do tomorrow if I'm going to earn my stay. As soon as I thought they had gone away I started looking through the drawers. I couldn't believe my luck at how many pairs of panties were in there, the large drawer was literally full with satin and frills, most of them pink but all pastel colours were there. Another drawer was filled with bras that seemed to match the panties and the third drawer had suspender belts and stockings. I took out a pair of pink full cut satin panties with frills all round the edges and wanked myself hard into them, I came very quickly and lost control of the flow which spurted into the open drawer. Surely they don't use any of these, thats why their in here I rationalised to myself. So I went to sleep in the satin sheets of the cot hoping my staining of my aunties panty collection wouldn't be caught.

I woke up with both woman standing over me, arms crossed looking angry. 
"So we've got a little panty pervert in our house have we?". Oh shit I thought, I've been caught again. 
"Come on pervert get up!" Aunt Sian shouted at me as she pulled the satin covers aside. I had slept naked that night to enjoy the satin sheets which were also now stained and of course I had morning wood. 
"For goodness sake can you even control yourself a little bit" barked Aunt Georgia. 
"Stand up right now." I did as I was told. 
"This is how you treat people who open their house to you is it". I just stared at the floor, ashamed of my erection and not knowing what to say. Auntie Sian had brought the small pink stool over and sat on it. 
"Get over my knee pervert". Was this really happening I thought to myself, is my incredibly hot aunt going to give me a spanking. Before I could act myself Auntie Georgie grabbed me by the hair and pulled me over Aunt Sians knees. She held a hairbrush in her hand and brought it down hard on my naked ass, and then again and again. This hurt a lot more than I expected and I tried to wriggle free, both of them had me gripped tightly around the waist and continued to bring it down hard again and again. 
"Please stop!" I begged. 
"Admit you're a panty pervert then!" Aunt Sian shouted at me. 
"I am. I'm a panty pervert!" I cried. 
"You like wearing sissy panties don't you!" Aunt Georgie said as she smacked me again. 
"Yes! Yes!" I'd say anything to stop the spanking at this point. 
"You want to wear all the things in those drawers the whole time you're here with us don't you" Smack! Smack! 
"Yes! Yes! Please stop!" I begged.
"Say it then!" Aunt Sian commanded
"I want to wear all the panties all the time. Please!"
I was allowed to stand up and my cock was even harder than before and dripping with pre-cum.
"Now you cannot deny this is what you want can you. Look at how much your little cocky says you want it" said Aunt Georgia. Auntie Sian had gone over to the drawers to pick out a set of bra and panties for me. She brought over a pair similiar to the ones I had used to masturbate last night. "I think these will be some of his favourites while he's here" she insisted.
The women stood there and watched as I dressed myself in the matching bra, panty and suspender set. Still rock hard they kept laughing at how excited wearing these things made me. Aunt Georgia held the hair brush menacingly while making me confess to being a panty pervert. They had me walk up and down the room and instructed me wriggle my ass around when I moved.
"There is something missing I think don't you Georgia" said Auntie Sian.
"Of course" Aunt Georgia went over to the wardrobe and opened it.
Inside I could see rows of frilly dresses, she picked something up from the bottom and closed it.
She was carrying a pair of pink 4 inch heels and brought them over to me and instructed me to put them on. When I had them on they continued to make me walk up and down the room one foot in front of another, they continually ordered me to wriggle my ass and then added holding my wrists up limply and swaying side to side. I was threatend with the hair brush every time they thought I wasn't trying my hardest to mince properly.

When they had finished laughing at me they left the room taking my luggage with them. I was instructed to go to the bathroom down the hall and get myslef ready for the day including givng my body a full shave as it would make me look so much prettier and make the sissy underwear feel so much nicer. I did as I was told, it wasn't too hard as I had tried shaving all my body hair off before. When I was finished I put my all my sissy things back on and walked back to my room where both my aunties where relaxing. It looked while I was in the bathroom they had retrieved some more items for me. A very short pink dress with a high collar and large ruffled collar was laid out, clearly for me, a pair of long frilly ribbons and a pink satin corset.
"Well sissy, its obvious you want more so its time to show theres more to what you need than just prancing around in panties" said Auntie Sian.
"I can see the desire in your eyes when you look at these things but first we've got to make your face pretty" declared Auntie Georgie.
They sat me down at the dresser and started applying makeup to my face while explaining to me very clearly what they where doing.
"You are going to have to learn to do this yourself very quickly sissy. You'll be doing this every morning before you present yourself".
After about an hour they had finished with the makeup. I was very pleased with the pretty face I saw in the mirror.



When my aunties had finally finished with me I was sent to bed. I slept in the underwear I had been wearing that day. I was so aroused by the days events but the locked chastity device left me unable to relieve myself. At least my panties were safe from staining for once. The next morning I was woken up in the same way with both women standing over me. 
"What now!" I thought to myself
"We'll let you pick your own panty set today sissy. Now get up and get ready and report downstairs for your chores."
This is what it was like every day for my first 5 nights at the house. Wake up and clean myself. Get dressed up in a full prissy sissy outfit and practice my makeup. Then report downstaris for walking and talking training for an hour or two while being taunted. My chores were mostly hand washing a large pile of womens underwear that couldn't possibly all belong to them but there were also floors to be scrubbed. I'd then be taken into my room and made to kiss and worship all the panties in the drawer and then spend the rest of the day serving my two aunties as their personal maid before being sent to bed when they were finished with me. Just as I was starting to get used to it they made a change.